[GitHub apps] Initial rewrite of sign up doc (#8274)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/first-steps.adoc

:icons: font
:experimental:

To start building on CircleCI, go to the link:https://circleci.com/signup/[Sign Up] page. Sign up with your email address and connect your GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab account in the process.

- If you are **creating a new CircleCI org** for your team, follow the xref:#sign-up-and-create-an-org[Sign up and create an org] steps below. 
- If you are signing up for a CircleCI account through an **invite** from someone on your team, follow the steps in the xref:#sign-up-with-an-invite[Sign up with an invite] section.

[#vcs-integrations]
== VCS integrations

CircleCI supports GitHub, Bitbucket, and GitLab projects. If you use **GitHub** or **GitLab**, and are creating a CircleCI organization for your team, you will set the version control system (VCS) integration type and authenticate with your VCS provider during the signup process. Team members that you invite afterwards to your CircleCI org can join in CircleCI without also authenticating with your VCS. However, if they are to create new projects, they will need to authenticate during the project creation process.

> If you use **Bitbucket**, every team member signing up for a new account and joining your org will authenticate with Bitbucket _during_ the signup process.

Author: @rosieyohannan Thoughts on this section?

[#sign-up-and-create-an-org]
== Sign up and create an org

If you are new to CircleCI, you will create a CircleCI organization. A CircleCI organization may correspond directly to a _personal_ CircleCI account, or more commonly, to a _shared_ account in which a team collaborates and with which multiple team members' personal CircleCI accounts can be associated. 

. To create an account for free with CircleCI, enter your email address and password on the link:https://circleci.com/signup/[Sign Up] page.

. On the next screen, respond to prompts that best describe your role and your engineering organization.

. Then, connect your code. Choose the VCS that contains your code repositories: GitHub, GitLab.com (cloud), GitLab Self-Managed, or Bitbucket.

[#GitHub]

> === GitHub

Reviewer: I reckon a banner here for rollout week would be good, maybe we can say some users may have an experience more in line with Bitbucket for this time?

Reviewer: With a link to the GitHub OAuth integration page

Author: @rosieyohannan A banner could be good. I think the other option would be to go live with this page only at or close to 100% rollout.

I'm leaning a bit more towards the banner

NOTE: The full set of documentation for integrating GitLab with CircleCI can be found on the xref:gitlab-integration#[GitLab integration page].

[#bitbucket]
=== Bitbucket

. For Bitbucket, you will authenticate with your Bitbucket account and connect your code.

. Once you have authenticated, you will be redirected to your organization dashboard in the CircleCI web app. From here, you can start to trigger and run project pipelines, set up more projects, and invite team members to your org.
+
For more details on setting up a project in CircleCI, read the xref:create-project#[Creating a Project] guide.

** If you choose not to connect your code at this time, you can still explore some example projects within the CircleCI app. You can take a look at a popular open source project building on CircleCI (link:https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/facebook/react[React by Facebook]), or one of our own sample projects: a link:https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/CircleCI-Public/sample-javascript-cfd/[sample JavaScript app], and a link:https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/CircleCI-Public/sample-python-cfd/[sample Python app].
+

> When you are ready, you can connect Bitbucket account from the CircleCI web app. Click your user icon in the lower left corner to open your *User Settings*. Under *Account Integrations*, click btn:[Connect] to authenticate with Bitbucket and start setting up your projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready, you can connect your Bitbucket account from the CircleCI web app. Click your user icon in the lower left corner to open your *User Settings*. Under *Account Integrations*, click btn:[Connect] to authenticate with Bitbucket and start setting up your projects. 
```

NOTE: The full set of documentation for integrating Bitbucket with CircleCI can be found on the xref:bitbucket-integration#[Bitbucket integration page].

[#sign-up-with-an-invite]
== Sign up with an invite

If you are signing up using an invite from a team member, you will be _joining_ a CircleCI organization. The CircleCI organization is a _shared_ account where a team collaborates, and with which multiple team members' personal CircleCI accounts can be associated. 

[CAUTION] 
====
You must follow the link from an invite email in order to join an existing CircleCI organization. If you attempt to sign up directly from the link:https://circleci.com/signup/[Sign Up] page, you will be creating a new organization. 

> If you have not received an invite, please contact your org administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not received an invite you can contact your org administrator.
```

====

. To create an account for free with CircleCI, follow the link in your invite email and enter your email address and password. 

. On the next screen, respond to prompts that best describe your role and your engineering organization.

. Finally, you will be taken to your organization's pipelines dashboard in the CircleCI web app. From here, you can follow projects or trigger pipelines in projects to which you have access in your organization, or set up new projects.

Note that if you are setting up a project for the first time, you may need to authenticate with your VCS provider. Once you have completed a one-time authentication, you will be able to set up subsequent projects in CircleCI more quickly. Refer to the xref:create-project#[Creating a Project] guide for more information. 

> The full set of documentation for integrating GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab projects are available as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guides for integrating GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab projects are available as follows:
```

Reviewer: just a suggestion

- xref:github-apps-integration#[GitHub App integration]
- xref:bitbucket-integration#[Bitbucket integration]
- xref:gitlab-integration#[GitLab integration]

[#terms]

> == Terms

Reviewer: I think this section needs checking for standalone projects maybe as the permissions are so different @sfranks01 ?

If you use **Bitbucket**, every team member signing up for a new account and joining your org will authenticate with Bitbucket _during_ the signup process.

[#sign-up-and-create-an-org]
== Sign up and create an org

If you are new to CircleCI, you will create a CircleCI organization. A CircleCI organization may correspond directly to a _personal_ CircleCI account, or more commonly, to a _shared_ account in which a team collaborates and with which multiple team members' personal CircleCI accounts can be associated. 

. To create an account for free with CircleCI, enter your email address and password on the link:https://circleci.com/signup/[Sign Up] page.

. On the next screen, respond to prompts that best describe your role and your engineering organization.

. Then, connect your code. Choose the VCS that contains your code repositories: GitHub, GitLab.com (cloud), GitLab Self-Managed, or Bitbucket.

[#GitHub]
=== GitHub

> NOTE: **GitHub authentication with CircleCI is changing**. Starting August 2023 when you authenticate your CircleCI account with GitHub, your sign-up experience may reflect either the process described in this section, or the process described in the xref:#bitbucket[Bitbucket] section. For more information, read the xref:github-integration[GitHub OAuth integration page]. 

Reviewer 2: Left a comment on the google doc but for increased vis, this should say GitHub authorization with CircleCI is changing, not authentication

:icons: font
:experimental:

//TODO: Check backlinks

> To run your very first build on CircleCI, go to the link:https://circleci.com/signup/[Sign Up] page. Sign up with your email address and connect your GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab accounts in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your very first build on CircleCI, go to the link:https://circleci.com/signup/[Sign Up] page. Sign up with your email address and connect your GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab account in the process.
```

Reviewer: Maybe just "To start building on CircleCI ..."?

- If you are **creating a new CircleCI org** for your team, follow the xref:#sign-up-and-create-an-org[Sign up and create an org] steps below. 
- If you are signing up for a CircleCI account through an **invite** from someone on your team, follow the steps in the xref:#sign-up-with-an-invite[Sign up with an invite] section.

[#vcs-integrations]
== VCS integrations

> CircleCI supports GitHub, Bitbucket, and GitLab projects. If you use **GitHub** or **GitLab**, and are setting up a CircleCI organization for your team, you will be setting the VCS integration type and authenticating with your VCS provider during the signup process. Team members that you invite afterwards to your CircleCI org will have to also later authenticate with the VCS provider if they are to create new projects.

Reviewer: I had to read this section a few times to work out what the difference is. Maybe the language can be simplified a bit?

Author: Ah, I think I was trying to allude to who's required to do an OAuth handshake and when as described here https://circleci.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PES/pages/6891044888/GitHub+App+User+Flows#New-user-joining-a-GitHub-App-Org I'll think on rephrasing this!

Reviewer: Yeah it does totally make sense what you have I just took a few goes to get the difference between how it works for standalone and non-standalone I guess.

If you use **Bitbucket**, every team member signing up for a new account and joining your org will authenticate with Bitbucket during the signup process.

[#sign-up-and-create-an-org]
== Sign up and create an org

If you are new to CircleCI, you will be creating a CircleCI organization. A CircleCI organization may correspond directly to a _personal_ CircleCI account, or more commonly, to a _shared_ account in which a team collaborates and with which multiple team members' personal CircleCI accounts can be associated. 

> . To create an account for free with CircleCI, enter your email address and password.

Reviewer: Can we add a link to the signup page in this first step

. You will be taken to a screen where you can respond to prompts that best describe your role and your engineering organization.

> . You will be prompted to connect your code. Choose the version control system (VCS) that contains your code repositories: GitHub, GitLab.com (cloud), GitLab Self-Managed, or Bitbucket.

Reviewer: I think the "you will be..." sections in these steps can be cut down to leave more direct actions. Like here maybe just "Connect your code. Choose the ..."?

Reviewer: Also as VCS is used above move the long version up to the first instance of this on the page?

[#GitHub]
=== GitHub

> . For GitHub, you will be taken to a screen to install GitHub Apps. In this step, you can specify exactly which repositories CircleCI can access, or opt to give CircleCI access to all repositories in your GitHub organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For GitHub, you will be taken to a screen to install the CircleCI GitHub App. In this step, you can specify exactly which repositories CircleCI can access, or opt to give CircleCI access to all repositories in your GitHub organization.
```

> . Next, you will be redirected to the Create New Project page where you can set up your first project and run your first pipeline in CircleCI. You will need an SSH key that will also be added as a deploy key in GitHub. Follow the instructions on the page, or refer to the xref:create-project#[Creating a Project] guide for more details.

Reviewer: The user will create the SSH key and also go and add the public key as a deploy key themselves for every project, maybe needs a slight rephrase here?

+
If you do not want to connect to your code at this time and only wish to continue with the email signup, click btn:[Cancel]. 

> . You will be taken to the dashboard in the CircleCI web app. From here, you can start to trigger and run project pipelines, create more projects, and invite team members to your org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You will be taken to the dashboard in the CircleCI web app. From here, you can start to trigger pipelines, create more projects, and invite team members to your org.
```

+
For more details on setting up a project in CircleCI, read the xref:create-project#[Creating a Project] guide.

** If you choose not to connect your code at this time, you can still explore some example projects within the CircleCI app. You can take a look at a popular open source project building on CircleCI (link:https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/facebook/react[React by Facebook]), or one of our own sample projects: a link:https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/CircleCI-Public/sample-javascript-cfd/[sample JavaScript app], and a link:https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/CircleCI-Public/sample-python-cfd/[sample Python app].
+
When you are ready, you can connect Bitbucket account from the CircleCI web app. Click your user icon in the lower left corner to open your *User Settings*. Under *Account Integrations*, click btn:[Connect] to authenticate with Bitbucket and start setting up your projects. 

NOTE: The full set of documentation for integrating Bitbucket with CircleCI can be found on the xref:bitbucket-integration#[Bitbucket integration page].

[#sign-up-with-an-invite]
== Sign up with an invite

> If you are new to CircleCI and signing up using an invite from a team member, you will be _joining_ a CircleCI organization. The CircleCI organization is a _shared_ account where a team collaborates and with which multiple team members' personal CircleCI accounts can be associated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are signing up using an invite from a team member, you will be _joining_ a CircleCI organization. The CircleCI organization is a _shared_ account where a team collaborates, and with which multiple team members' personal CircleCI accounts can be associated. 
```

> [NOTE] 

Reviewer: I think this should maybe be a CAUTION?
